\documentclass[runningheads]{llncs}
\usepackage{longtable}

\begin{document}
\frontmatter
\setcounter{page}{5}

\chapter*{Preface}
\markboth{Preface}{Preface}

It is the task of the volume editor to prepare the organization
pages and the preface and to structure the volume in comprehensible
parts. The preface should give a good introduction to the volume and
present the conference or workshop. Clear information regarding the
peer review process (single or double blind / number of reviews per
paper) and the numbers and types of papers submitted and accepted
should be given.

The preface is usually one or two pages long and is followed by the
organization pages. When listing the Program Committee members,
kindly just state their names, their universities/affiliations and
their countries and do not include the departments or the institutes
within the universities. At the end of the organization pages, the
sponsors may be listed and their respective logos displayed. The
Steering Committee members are usually listed above the Program
Committee members.

We prefer the use of American English in the preface and we ask you
to write the preface in the past tense, because it is mainly read
after the event. The preface and the organization pages will be
copy-edited at our end, and any corrections are submitted to the
corresponding volume editor for approval. Light technical
copy-editing of the papers may also be performed.

The final Table of Contents is created by Springer from the title
information in the papers. However, we ask you to provide us with a
preliminary Table of Contents when you send the files. This should
contain the titles of the papers and the names of the authors in the
order in which they are to appear in the volume and should include
topical section headings. The papers should be grouped according to
the topics they address and not according to the sessions of the
conference. Any session numbering will be deleted by our
typesetters. Please include all papers pertaining to one topic under
one single topical heading, even if there are/were two or three such
sessions at the conference. If the titles given in your preliminary
Table of Contents differ from those in the papers, then we take the
paper titles to be the correct ones and create the final Contents
accordingly.

The Author Index is also generated at Springer, but you can help us
present the authors' names in the correct way by submitting a list
of authors who have complex family names, particles, or suffixes, or
do not use the Western name order (i.e., given name(s); family
name). It should be made quite clear, which part of the name is the
given name and which is the family name.

Please check that the names of the authors are written consistently
throughout the proceedings volume. If one author has contributed to
more than one paper, his or her name should be spelt and structured
in an identical manner in all papers as well as in the Table of
Contents.

At the end of the preface, the month and year should be inserted on
the left-hand side and the names of the volume editors/authors of
the preface should be listed on the right-hand side. Please note
that pages I--IV (in front of the preface) are prepared by Springer.
\medskip

\begin{flushright}
\noindent June 2020\hfill
{[name of volume editor]}\\
{[name of volume editor]}
\end{flushright}


\chapter*{Organization}
\markboth{Organization}{Organization}
\setlength{\tabcolsep}{0pt}     % remove spacing between columns in the following long tables
\setlength{\LTpre}{0pt}         % remove extra vertical space before the long tables

\section*{General Chair}
\begin{longtable}{p{0.35\textwidth}p{0.65\textwidth}}
INSERT NAME          & INSERT AFFILIATION
\end{longtable}

\section*{Program Committee Chairs}
\begin{longtable}{p{0.3\textwidth}p{0.7\textwidth}}
